Hello, my name is Peter Parker.
I love Python programming. 
Sometimes, when I get frustrated, I dislike not just the language but also the laptop I use to type Python. 
I love ice cream! Who doesn't love ice cream? 
I've never met someone who doesn't love ice cream. 
I do have one friend who can't eat dairy because of her lactose intolerance. 
I'd say that's her greatest enemy for never letting her enjoy the blessing of eating a nice ice cream on a nice sunny day.
I am just gonna type random stuff now
I wanna use Lorem but if I use it the user obviously can't search any word through the search
what are some great random words for the user to search?
oh I know
Abracadabra! Boom! Whoosh!
Woah there
Surprize!!!!!
and surprise for the British users lol
ok I'm running out of words.....man.....should I type something completely outlandish?
what if I type Harry Potter-related stuff here?
but I don't know if the muggles will loop those words up ( the ones who don't watch Harry Potter are muggles here )
I do hope someone might look up the word muggle haha or maybe they might search for a word like wizard or witch
Let's go write something random and Harry potter related
I'm gonna type something about the wizarding world which is about
the magical world of Harry Potter and his 2 best friends. I kinda wanna add Draco too but he doesn't count as a best friend
oh Luna Lovegood is my favourite character !!!!!!

write a summary of Harry Potter when he recently finds out he's a wizard and goes to the wizarding world
Harry Potter is a young boy who lives with his aunt's family. One day a letter came in for him
but it was no ordinary letter. it was a magical one.
Harry tried to open it but his uncle and aunt didn't let him
so they were sent many maaaaannnnnnnyyyyy letters for Harry until he can open and read it
then a giant stranger broke in and told Harry he was a wizard and wished him a Happy Birthday with a cake he made himself
also gave his cousin a mouse tail
Harry was so happy and excited to be a wizard
he went to the wizarding world and met two friends on the train
one was Ron Weasley and the other was Hermione Granger
then he met Draco as well who wanted to be Harry's friend for being the boy who lived
however, he declined the friendship offer after how he had treated Ron earlier
this is where Harry and Draco became frienemies
the reason I said frienemy is because although they did not see eye to eye. both of them were still good on the inside
Although Draco was a little spoiled and had bad behaviour he was still good and proved his good side when he helped Harry many times later on
and well also saved Harry even though they were still rivals.
rivalry aside Draco just wasn't that bad to want to kill Harry even if he was ok with bullying him
But I love Luna Lovegood
she was the best character there!!!! oh dear user please type Luna Lovegood
I'll make sure Luna Lovegood has the most occurrences.

Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood 
Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood 
Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood 
Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood 
Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood 
Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood 
Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood 
Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood 
Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood Luna Lovegood 

I hope that does the job
oh and JK Rowling wrote a new book called The Fantastic Beasts
It's amazing!!!! Made me proud to be a Hufflepuff

I kinda wanna add something about anime too but I have no clue what
Has anyone seen Avatar? The element powers one, not the blue-skinned creatures.
cause I haven't seen the anime avatar nor the blue avatar
sigh...I don't know what anime to talk about
oh one of my friends watches Attack on Titan. She made me watch the first episode with her
honestly it looked pretty dope, tho I didn't understand why everyone was dying when the giant showed up
the giant blind or something. can't he see he's stepping on people?
I didn't watch the other episodes maybe it could have explained it but really. the giant looked creepy too
I don't mean creepy for eating humans.
but like he has no manners at all
how dare he eat a human in front of the kid like that?
poor boy. he had to watch his mom get eaten and the poor mom.... covered her mouth to say don't go 'cause she didn't wanna be selfish
but she also knew her son wasn't safe here and she couldn't get out.
Anyway back to hating the weirdo giant!
I'm so glad I'm not the only one who hates the giant but seriously what's wrong with it? smiling like a creep and eating a mother in front of the kid?????
like even if the giant was hungry and he lives by eating humans. he should have had some manners to go eat it outside or something or just anywhere else
but I have yet to watch the rest of it to get a better understanding of it.